FriCruises shipping company that specializes in cruises throughout the world's oceans. As always, the
company executives once again the captain and his ship cruises set plan, consisting of a sequence
individual sailings between two ports, and put it together with travel orders of trip also
mailbox. Unfortunately, the master plan cruises lost, while others put all the travel orders in the form of individual
Files on the ship's computer. 

The captain is his nephew studentComputer and Information Science ask for help in the reconstruction plan cruises.
In the C programming language to write a program on the basis of data on individual journeys between two
ports creates a linked list of structures, where each structure describes a particular voyage, a list of
as a whole constitutes the entire cruise and provided to query the details of the
cruises.
Information on individual journeys are given in succession on standard input, with
their sequence does not reflect a series of cruises. Number of sailings, which consists of the major cruise
or equal to 1 and is not limited upward. The names of the ports are qualifying expression and not longer than 100 characters.
Example data for a particular voyage between two ports is as follows:

Barcelona  -      name of the port, which is the start of navigation
Tonga      -      name of the port that is the end of the voyage
105        -      voyage duration in days
120        -      number of passengers will be boarded at the start of navigation
60         -      number of passengers will be disembarked at the end of the trip

You can assume that the scheduled cruise ship visits each port only once and
that none of the crossings that make up the plan a cruise without missing a travel warrant. 
It can also assume that the transhipment of passengers instantaneous and take place at midnight.

Data on voyages to the standard input followed by a line containing only the string "?", Followed by another, or
more positive whole numbers representing the number of consecutive days of cruising, which we want to
learn the details of the cruise. 

Program to standard output for each of these days in their line displays the number of the day, 
provided the position of the ship on that day and the estimated number of passengers on board at this
day. The numbering of the days should start with the number 1 single position of the ship should be described as the
by opening and closing the port of navigation on the given day, the names should be displayed
dash, for example: "Perth Sydney".

If the objective sought on the day of the cruise at the end, then the
program for that day in a row lists the number of the day and the string "ERROR".
Individual elements of prints each day should be separated by a single space.
Example, standard input and standard output the corresponding traces on the next page.

Example of data on standard input:

Barcelona
New_York
27
81
195
Koper
Split
1
108
54
Split
Barcelona
8
120
60
?
1
9
36
37

Example output to standard output, which corresponds to the data on standard input the above example:

1 Koper Split
108
9 Split Barcelona
174
36 Barcelona New_
York 195
37 FAULT

The last line of output should be like any other, ending with a transition to a new line '\ n'. On
end of each row not Print your spaces.
